# U.V.E. Denied Packages List

# syntax
# original-package:[replacement]:[ref]:[id]:short description

archfetch::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archinstall::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archlinux-artwork::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archlinux-lxdm-theme-full::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archlinux-lxdm-theme::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archlinux-lxqt-theme::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archlinux-themes-balou::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archlinux-themes-sddm::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archlinux-themes-slim::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
archlinux-wallpaper::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
fbsplash-theme-arch-black-extras::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
fbsplash-theme-arch-black::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
fox-neat-wallpaper::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
keycloak-archlinux-theme::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
lightdm-webkit-archsingle-theme-git::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
lightdm-webkit-theme-aether-git::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
lightdm-webkit-theme-aether::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
lightdm-webkit-theme-archlinux::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
lxdm-themes::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plasma-theme-archlinux::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plymouth-theme-arch-charge-big::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plymouth-theme-arch-charge-gdm-spinner::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plymouth-theme-arch-charge-gdm::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plymouth-theme-arch-charge::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plymouth-theme-arch-gnomish::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plymouth-theme-arch10::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plymouth-theme-archlinux::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
plymouth-theme-dark-arch::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
sddm-archlinux-theme-git::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
slim-theme-burning-arch.git::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
slim-theme-rainbowdash-archlinux::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
xde-theme-archlinux::njb:1:[branding] Includes Arch's branding
